Plan:

1. Your site must use at least two different font faces. 
Headings are often rendered in a sans-serif font, and body in a serif font.
// Lato and Lobster (DONE)


2. Your site must include at least four web pages implementing some sort of form 
(or informal collection of input elements). 
The form might submit data to a server using 
POST requests and retrieve data using GET requests. 
1. email listing submission (DONE)
2. catering form (DONE)
3. cake order form (DONE)
4. user login (DONE)

3. Your site must include links to external sites. 
Clicking on external links must open a new tab or window rather than replace your page.
// (DONE)
//social media icon links + weekly ads 

4. Your site must include at least one animation, powered either by CSS or JavaScript.
// hover animation for cart in header (DONE)

5. Your site should be able to use either MySQL or SQLite databases for storing and retrieving data. 
You could also use JSON format to implement this feature. 
/// 4 input forms via SQL (DONE)
// json table in catering page for data retreival

6. BONUS POINTS: If you implement different functionality based on login credentials 
(such as administrators, users) you will be receiving 5 extra points. 
(Total is 40 points)
/// sort of login (DONE)

7. You should address the comments and feedback from Project 1 in this Project 2.
// we have json catering table and ordering (products listings) and products listings in floral and gifts.


Critique:
        Overall the website looks very professional and attractive. The shopping cart 'wiggle' animation is cute.
    Formatting the directory from most used/well known pages to the least would make sense in this situation. Most 
    customers use the website to look at the deli page/menus and to order cakes online, so it would make sense to
    have those be at the top of the directory. 
        Regarding the other pages, I like how simple they are. They have the neccessary info that one would need
    when reading about our departments. Below are some minor comments based on specific pages:
    Bakery- show off the more simple products that we bake, in addition to what is there currently. For example, 
    you could add simple pictures of our bread? The bottom right picture is stretched and looks a bit off.
    Dairy- a bit minimal, but does what it should do
    Deli- could use actual picture of people that work in that department to make it personal?
    Catering- footer doesn't go the fill the full width of the page?
    Floral- add pictures of more flowers?
    Grocery- formatted differently, but not bad. All department pages should look similar, not just a few looking 
    different from the majority.
    Produce- also formatted differently. Short and to the point. Could add more about where produce is grown?

    Great work!

Comments:
Members of the class suggested we list items that Mackenthun's sells. To incorperate this, we provided
names of the manufacturer's / brands of products we sell on some of our department pages such as
Floral and Gifts, Grocery, and Meat and Seafood. We also provide a listing of the deli catering options
on our catering order page.

Forms:
    Our footer has a form to sign up for email updates.
    deli.html has a form for catering.
    bakery.html has a cake order form.
    signin.html 

Contributions:
    We worked together on the Directory page, Header, and Meat & Seafood, and in editing all the files.
    * Sara created the department cards in the directory, linked our php files to enable SQL database data retrieval,
    and created the following pages: Bakery, Cake Order, Floral and Gifts, and Produce as well as the CSS files
    associated with these pages
    * Parker created catering.html, dairy.html, and frozen.html, as well as the css and php files for those pages.
    * McKenzie created the footer, the following pages, Deli, Grocery, and Sign In, as well as the CSS pages 
    associate with those files. I also created signin.php. 


Feedback NEW 
* make the password not viewable when inserted. Type = password.
* make it so when you insert forms it brings you to a neat page that says form submission successful. 
The page should have a header that leads back to directory.

Last TO DO:
* check that pages can be html / css validated.